I
you
one of our mentors throughout
development has been played your way we
want people to be able to engage with
and play the game the way they want to
and we live in a very beginning that you
style to is going to make it amazing
part of them but not everyone has really
nicely neatly structured parties so we
wanted to do is free people from the
traditional shackles of a party
experience in a game and let them
experience to fund the way so a period
movie is a massive amount of fun and so
some people just that alone is enough
fun for their party they just stand up
one by one and each performing a movie
of the choice and their friends all kind
of revelant have fun laughing at the
frames performance and that's enough fun
for a lot PQ but some parties get a
little bit more competitive than that
and that for us is with playlist come in
houston we have a problem you'll our
dealer set course for 629 maximum
relative
what playlist will let you do is compare
one performance against another
performance or one performance against
five performances so that means I can
perform with my friends and we can all
perform the same scene so you could do
versions of The Godfather so me and five
frames Easter performs to the Godfather
and the game will then tell us who
perform the best make them another again
reviews I'm gonna make him an offer he
can't refuse or we can all choose
different performances choose our own
favorite scenes and then based on
complexity and our timing and delivery
of the scene it will tell us who
delivered the best performance so as you
can see we're trying to give people
different ways to experience find the
way they want to so they're not being
preached to and they can deliver the
party exactly as I want to play the game
up their way here's looking at you kid
I'm a friend of Sarah Connors I was told
that she was here and I see him cashier
she's making a statement what is she
look at me take a while
you